parsley lemon peel and juice and
I take salt for the sauce as a base
fit my spice that I make myself
how can I do that I can do you
link and with the box or he takes
two free throws I taste it then
with café cream ten percent fat kapern
and bind them with mondamine or with
I serve something stronger
just cooked was beet and
rice
I already put on the beetroot
yes, there must be about one to
one and a half hours we cook very big
maybe not even two
I have a little bit earlier for the clubs
put on the flight something fits
maybe not so homogeneous dwindling
pelted
I already have something
grated lemon peel
that comes to it
and
a teaspoon of salt
you could now count brussels
but I like to toast bread but
First, I have the parsley something small
I would need a make- up for that
save the sauce sink or telephone
then it all goes on in the Hague are
it postbote a mix is ​​all very small
understand family if someone says no
I want to have something gross is
namely that as something liquid
to
it passes well
and before then action raised about two clubs
and gingerbread feel
clubs are now in the early stages
Now for about 10-15 minutes she gave in the
namely, out and make the sauce
the lynx are really times
This is about halfway here
lemon windy with sauce binder that
Feeling slimmed down by something I am 40
The bite you have to maybe something salt
admit
then I do not give 100 milliliters
Boil more
the coffee cream is not that easy
stable as usual without the cards
even more
and the parsley
the clubs are back now I do not like that
see
and let it go through something else
I have the kingsberg now
as I said with high beta is served
It also might not be a rudel
salons and glass take
the action has now done so 10
points